architecture.md, before:

# Program Organization

You should have your context, container, and component (c4model.com) diagrams in this section, along with a description and explanation of each diagram and a table that relates each block to one or more user stories. 

See Code Complete, Chapter 3 and https://c4model.com/

# Code Design

You should have your UML Class diagram and any other useful UML diagrams in this section. Each diagram should be accompanied by a brief description explaining what the elements are and why they are in the diagram. For your class diagram, you must also include a table that relates each class to one or more user stories. 

[Class Diagram](https://github.com/yuniverse3122/Group22/files/5978481/Class.Diagram.pdf)


See Code Complete, Chapter 3 and https://c4model.com/

# Data Design

If you are using a database, you should have a basic Entity Relationship Diagram (ERD) in this section. This diagram should describe the tables in your database and their relationship to one another (especially primary/foreign keys), including the columns within each table. 

See Code Complete, Chapter 3

# Business Rules

You should list the assumptions, rules, and guidelines from external sources that are impacting your program design. 

See Code Complete, Chapter 3

# User Interface Design

You should have one or more user interface screens in this section. Each screen should be accompanied by an explaination of the screens purpose and how the user will interact with it. You should relate each screen to one another as the user transitions through the states of your application. You should also have a table that relates each window or component to the support using stories. 

See Code Complete, Chapter 3

# Resource Management

See Code Complete, Chapter 3

# Security

See Code Complete, Chapter 3

# Performance

See Code Complete, Chapter 3

# Scalability

See Code Complete, Chapter 3

# Interoperability

See Code Complete, Chapter 3

# Internationalization/Localization

See Code Complete, Chapter 3

# Input/Output

See Code Complete, Chapter 3

# Error Processing

See Code Complete, Chapter 3

# Fault Tolerance

See Code Complete, Chapter 3

# Architectural Feasibility

See Code Complete, Chapter 3

# Overengineering

See Code Complete, Chapter 3

# Build-vs-Buy Decisions

This section should list the third party libraries your system is using and describe what those libraries are being used for.

See Code Complete, Chapter 3

# Reuse

See Code Complete, Chapter 3

# Change Strategy

See Code Complete, Chapter 3

Commit message:

Add UI diagram
Add UI diagram

architecture.md, after:

# Program Organization

You should have your context, container, and component (c4model.com) diagrams in this section, along with a description and explanation of each diagram and a table that relates each block to one or more user stories. 

See Code Complete, Chapter 3 and https://c4model.com/

# Code Design

You should have your UML Class diagram and any other useful UML diagrams in this section. Each diagram should be accompanied by a brief description explaining what the elements are and why they are in the diagram. For your class diagram, you must also include a table that relates each class to one or more user stories. 

See Code Complete, Chapter 3 and https://c4model.com/

# Data Design
The data from users will store in database to help to train AI to improve recognize fist better and number of punches.

If you are using a database, you should have a basic Entity Relationship Diagram (ERD) in this section. This diagram should describe the tables in your database and their relationship to one another (especially primary/foreign keys), including the columns within each table. 

See Code Complete, Chapter 3

# Business Rules

You should list the assumptions, rules, and guidelines from external sources that are impacting your program design. 

See Code Complete, Chapter 3

# User Interface Design
Login Page
![UI](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/69992661/107888546-e80ca200-6eda-11eb-837c-9c1ebcb3029d.png)
User Interface
![UI2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/69992661/107888547-e9d66580-6eda-11eb-84f3-b2839d5e7c93.png)
Board
![UI3](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/69992661/107888549-eb079280-6eda-11eb-8a01-35c3f029b9a1.PNG)

You should have one or more user interface screens in this section. Each screen should be accompanied by an explaination of the screens purpose and how the user will interact with it. You should relate each screen to one another as the user transitions through the states of your application. You should also have a table that relates each window or component to the support using stories. 

See Code Complete, Chapter 3

# Resource Management

See Code Complete, Chapter 3

# Security

See Code Complete, Chapter 3

# Performance

See Code Complete, Chapter 3

# Scalability

See Code Complete, Chapter 3

# Interoperability

See Code Complete, Chapter 3

# Internationalization/Localization

See Code Complete, Chapter 3

# Input/Output

See Code Complete, Chapter 3

# Error Processing

See Code Complete, Chapter 3

# Fault Tolerance

See Code Complete, Chapter 3

# Architectural Feasibility

See Code Complete, Chapter 3

# Overengineering

See Code Complete, Chapter 3

# Build-vs-Buy Decisions

This section should list the third party libraries your system is using and describe what those libraries are being used for.

See Code Complete, Chapter 3

# Reuse

See Code Complete, Chapter 3

# Change Strategy

See Code Complete, Chapter 3
